In this video I'm going to demonstrate how to start an actual video camera and connected with thrusts
and how to convert the depth image into a laser scanner and how to visualize it using a big echo and
also using oddities in this demonstration.
I'm going to consider the Acer's like pro camera and this is the description of the process.
So first of all we need to start the drivers off the camera.
And for this we can use the open eye to package that comes with thrust.
So first of all we need to make sure that it is installed.
I'm going to show you how to do it and then you need to started using large open eyes to underscore
open an eye to the clutch.
So this is going to start all the drivers that will be responsible for connecting with the rest and
extracting all the information and publishing them as research topics.
It has to be not that I too is a generic driver.
It works with many commercially available A.E. cameras and like for example Microsoft Kinect.
So for indigo and earlier versions the default R.G. the camera that is used by the open eye to driver
was the Microsoft Kinect camera starting from network the default arch of the camera is the easiest
life.
So there are certain configurations to do if you want to switch between one camera to another.
So in this demonstration we are going to use Russ QinetiQ with Asias life pro camera but if you use
different versions you might want to check what is the default option to become rather be supported
by the driver.
Or how to change it to the camera that you have in hand.
And after starting the driver we need to convert the decks image into a laser scanner.
So when you start the driver the actually the camera is going to publish several type of images raw
images compressed images and also depth images which contains also the depth information coming from
the laser scanner.
But we don't have any topic that provides the scant information for this.
It is necessary to convert the death camera into a scan readings and to do so.
We will use the package called the image to Laserscope and the node.
It's called depth image police are scanned as well.
So I put everything into a large file because we need to map the image topping to the correct image.
That is a code here it has that depth such as you are going to explain these more into a demonstration.
So for this reason I have defined a large file and a Lost fight is nothing that a fine that is able
to start one node or multiple nodes and also to define the names of the topics and also provide the
values of the parameters.
So here we're going to start one note and then we are going to change the definition of the topic name
from image into depth slash imagery because this is the name of that image that we are going to use
in order to convert the image into a laser scan values.
And finally we meet up open Arbys and test we go and also movies utilize the ranges collected by scanned
using Arbys.
So let's see how things works in practice.
The first thing that we need to do is to connect the camera into our system.
You have to connect it with the USP part and if you work in a virtual machine like I'm doing you will
be prompted whether you want to connect and be committed to Mac or to Linux.
So in our case we really connected to Linux because going to use was installed on your belt or in order
to start the drivers of the camera and also collect all the information about it.
So we click here on Connect to Linux and Cynara to make sure that it is connected we can go to the connection
settings.
So I'm using fusion.
So and here you go to use the bluetooth and you make sure that perhaps sends device is connected to
your virtual machine your Ubuntu operating system.
So everything is in place and as we will be using open eyed.
So we need to make sure that it is installed first of what we do so you do a pretty good update.
To make sure that our system is up to date
okay.
And then we try to install open to it if it is not installed so we use to do a pretty good install.
Russ I have using music in the attic version and then opened and I had to.
So everything you're
due will be upgraded and that I'm ready to go.
OK so the first command that we need to do is actually the standalone side open to launch and then open
and to that much
if you want to make sure that our camera is correctly started we can use topic.
And you can see these are the list of all topics published by the candidate.
So we have that images.
So this is what we'd be interested to learn when to use one of these topics.
We have also infrared images.
We have also added the images and so we can view one of these topics.
For example they can use these topics and open it with image of you.
I can use a restaurant image to view image you then image and then that typically you can see OK this
is the camera.
This is my iPhone OK.
It's working pretty much.
I will put a button here.
OK.
So you can see bucket of water testing for her.
That's great.
Of course we can also observe the depth image.
So instead of me being used that's something basically to use one of the topics here on the top which
is this one committed Depp's future.
So let's use that
and you can see here this is the image this is the home using the image so you can see it's grayscale
color and the darker it is the closer is the object and the brighter it is the farther it is the object.
Basically we're going to use this information in order to convert this image into a list of ranges.
And for this we need to convert it into a scanned topic.
So basically the scanned topic is the common name for the information coming from a laser range finder.
And as you can see now the list of topics I don't have any topic at all.
Why.
Because this driver doesn't actually generate any sculped topics in gross.
There is a particular package in particular that converts a depth image into the scan topic.
OK so we can use the restaurant depth the mysterious deaths in Mr. Laserscope I can start this one and
now I'm going to make a list of the list again and you can find this topic again.
OK.
Now the problem here if I may call this topic a called slash skun OK nothing will happen.
This is because I didn't specify the name of the image to the know that image to or Scott.
So since I didn't specify what is the name of the depth image it was not able to make any conversion.
So in order to specify the name of the image I'm going to make image one and then it was busy by the
topic.
And of course the topic needed that image.
OK.
So not referring to post topic echo but just kind of get OK.
And now I'm getting bad news.
So this is the array of ranges.
OK so you can see this is the area phalanges that you are getting.
And you have a way of it is as I've explained before this is that information about the angle max angle
me angle angle Inkley my timing three months time and all the different takes.
Now to get to them.
OK.
So you can see it is working.
So that's why we need to convert the image into Scott using the package and the no name depth images
or scum.
So this note is going to make the conversion we need to specify what is the depth image and then it's
going to produce for us the scanned topic as you can see in topic.
Ok there is another way that we can do it using a large file instead of every time that the name of
the image.
So I can go here all those essentials
in reception and have lunch find that they have you can find it specifies the notes that you would like
to start.
It's flexible fight that specifies one or multiple nodes that you want to run at the same time in a
long fight.
So here the no need is depth image to whole.
This is the name of the note that you want to create.
This is the name of the package.
And this is the name of it.
So this is the name of the note that you want to cite whenever you execute the note.
And this is the actual name of the note.
OK.
And here we make the conversion or the assignment of the death image into the public image.
So like we did here this is an image equil camera that image so we can use it inside the lounge but
using the tag remap the map means changing the name of the topic image into the swamp.
So who's going to convert this topic into scanner topic as such.
Now we can start that image laser rescanned node by launching large fight.
OK.
And one can do it.
You can use the rest now.
Another file is actually in ROS essential city as you have already observed.
It is interesting to see the P S or C copeck 3 and the launch for there.
So I could hear the long file and then it can actually call this large file contains all the information
that image is that the camera is going to do the whole work.
So it's going to start the no depth to Laserscope and is going also to really map the image name.
So let's do Ruster because the gun rights of big news again and then you can also make a to topic a
quote slash Scott and you can see now this gun is working right.
So these are the list of reasons that you collect.
Of course you can observe that some changes are not defined.
Maybe error in the reading or problem in defining the value you get from the software side on the hardware
side and you may later on we will see how to process this information using rush.
OK so we can for example calculate the maximum value the minimum value in the next video I'm going to
explain more details about the angle mean the angle Max and the different metrics.
So you can see these values they are expressed in region and you are going to verify that these values
actually correspond to minus 30 degrees and 30 degrees because we know that the field of view is equal
to 60 degrees so I'm going to talk about more details in the next video.
But now I would like to give you another means on how to visualize this information is actually very
difficult to read these numerical information like this so I want a visualization tool.
And in Russia there is a very nice and interesting tool that is called Arbys RBC mistrusts visualization
and this to allow you to visualize different topics.
And among them the laserscope so we can run Arbys.
So first of all you have to make sure that Arbys is installed.
So in principle it comes installed with the ros installation.
So you don't need to do it manually.
And then what we can do we can make restaurant Arbys Army
OK.
And it's a graphical interface for the moment we don't see anything because as you can see here we have
only some global oxers we didn't specify any laser scanner topic so we can do it using a button here.
But first of all we need to fix the correct frame.
And I'm going to talk about frames in the next chapter when I'm going to talk about transformations
because those sort of measures are very very very important.
But for the moment don't worry if you don't know what are the transformations and what does it mean
these different frames are going to explain this.
So now when we started the driver of and two that connects to actually the camera it's going to create
some frames and these frames are the reference frames of the camera.
So there is a frame attached to our TV cameras or to the depth camera.
I'm going to just come in here.
OK.
So I'm going to select this one
so the earth has gone.
Now I'm ready actually to add new topic.
And of course some interested two laser range finder so I'm going to select laser scan topic and they
can open the properties here and they have a topically.
So the topics mimic unselect.
Scott and you will see now.
OK so this is the information because now I am in the loop.
So this is part of the home and this is the corner of the room so you can see the laser scanner.
Now it is floating to the cabinet and also part of the wall as you can see.
It makes the corner and the way not to put something in its front.
OK so I'm going to put a button here and you can see the pattern is reflected in our piece.
OK.
So if I remove the button so you can see that you have the corner of that was to go to the bottom again.
It and you can see the bottom in the front of the laser scanner.
Or this is reflected in the Army's interface.
Of course we can play with the intensity of the visualization here.
So let me put this to one.
It's much more than zero five for
one anymore.
With the laser scanner provide us all the obstacles that come in.
It's from.
And also we are able to visualize the different obstacles.
So now I have visualized the location of the arches to be coming to the
of a and frames the come in.
And this is the position of the camera.
Is the obstacles in front of the camera.
So in this video I have presented how to access the easiest life pro or just the camera and how to start
drivers.
Also I have presented how to convert a depth image into a laser scanner topic and how to visualize everything
using Arbys in the next video.
I'm willing to discuss in more detail the different parameters of the results can also how to create
additional subscribers in the laser scan topic and processing.